because I was not
if they still asked him why not
comes already had his nap his baby a
reality
true day
of his life he was dancing for life
I can see people how you feel
with the process is already used to
tired has rested but I'm
happy has gotten out of my things that I know
that I did not even know that I was
able to make my feelings that I do not
I knew they existed because I really
Being a mom does not compare to another love
Well, another kind of love that I do not
I had lived before
here but work in canada so no
I was super happy, it caused me
more than you want the mambo
I'm fascinated by the truth that when I
I did May I did not want to tell you that
it looks like your husband and it was not
certainty
perform your case non-formally
finding here the cheeks of your
Mom but you have to wash the girl and
your mouth I think there is something that I clear
we are not I see him as well as gray between said
blue
magnets or blue or green depends on the
color of clothes and changes and is for its
first half and malena geopolitics that
I send oak greetings and do not tell us
Japanese has to be bikini
a good practice against the navel
when exactly one week ago
the navel served a week in a vote
weight
7 measured 50 centimeters in the region of
millions tranquilita that sleeps enough
of the first time and advanced as a gift
of mother because yesterday second at 8 o'clock
the night
he woke up today at 4 in the morning
but in that photo in the first time that
she sees it raining and she was fascinated watching
in the window but I can not
explain the fixation that I had him
He was turning and bolt
the letter again sound also the
organist to film more or less look at the
first month very difficult to organize
because neither does she have a schedule
right now I'm feeling yes and the
I know a little better then I know that the
You can let me sleep for two hours and I'm going to
Do what you have to do today
Mom levy
with breast milk
this milk is family in xalapa super
I recommend breast milk
in cheap as more state opens up for
the practice is to lose weight
immediately the recovery many
Thanks again and both alike
the time more water exactly the same
but one month if the army and there is not
little belly of thanks but you have to
recover the muscle remember that it is
all your stretched
it's a process but you've been
Exactly the same, this is to prove
that if you take care of the food in the
pregnancy if they do not gain more than what
you have to get fat for your baby you're going to
get to your clothes of the smallest
you're also right, look at me
I raised 25 pounds in pregnancy
water is food from drinking it is already
normal when I came out of labor they weighed
nine pounds more than what I already
like 'I started in nobody fattened nine
pounds right now I do not know how much weight the
it's true that he does not give me the homework
matter if you can feed a
lots and half but you have to eat
because they are feeding their baby
then it's getting hot and she's
exactly to eat enough protein
When you say you eat, you eat
pretty but he was older and he's like
not desserts and right now they enjoyed it yesterday
had the one to tell him with breast milk
also she has free demand in
feeding because it's breast milk if
We talk right now talking alavés
good thing about breast milk
now I can speak it properly the one of
thank God and nature is
super healthy and the doctor says that if the 25
percent of women breastfeeds 75
that's what we're talking about the benefits
for one breast that are very many the
green lament incredible health
and then come and check and dads that
they are three Goth dads tells me look at the
first two we had chest to the other no
I made the difference of the quality of
health of children
I can not compare I have a Saturday of
a year that there was a lot of side she
He decided to leave the chest and was when and
he decided to leave it said no I do not want
summary and I tell you his Greek person
raisins that moves there are women who are going
better than others maybe I have gone
well because that's how he learned it
but they start at sea and it's much more
gratifying that the fact of taking my
milk the bond that forms between me
is in charge with the injury that I had
than to give the formula beginning because in
the hospital were formulas and in it is
that looks like the monologue of 'baby
boom 'the breasts are meant to
first place to the child
because that for him he visited but there
to give him credit he helps you when
will give birth to someone but not
I want to give because I do not want to be
ruin like this is not choose not
exercises that you can do to
keep it firm and blinked I do not know I do not know
what does it have to fit if they are a woman
Magnet active exercises are
also if you use creams or know a
set of pile of things that do not
I should leave the bust so there's no
no longer no longer thank you
with you happy mothers day to all
in his day it is a blessing to have
our children and to be able to say that
we are more more congratulations